capital = 10

oob = "POL_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "POL_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "POL_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_air_oob = "POL_1936_air_legacy"
set_technology = {
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
}

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_special_forces_gear = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_technology = {
	gwtank = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_submarine = 1	
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	set_variable = {
		var = pol_peasant_democracy
		value = 30
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = pol_peasant_communism
		value = 30
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Poland: United and Ready"
	}
	add_ideas = {
		uncontrolled_exports
		POL_april_constitution_1
		POL_looming_peasants_strike
		POL_sanation_left_opposition_1
		POL_sanation_right_opposition_1
	}
}


85 = {
	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = international_city }
}




set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.9.8"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 32
	fascism = 11
	communism = 19
	neutrality = 38
}


recruit_character = POL_ignacy_moscicki
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_sikorski
recruit_character = POL_boleslaw_wieniawa_glugoszowski
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_gomulka
recruit_character = POL_maria_koszutska
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_mikolajczyk
recruit_character = POL_wincenty_witos
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_raczkiewicz
recruit_character = POL_boleslaw_piasecki
recruit_character = POL_edward_rydzsmigly
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_bortnowski
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_kopanski
recruit_character = POL_marian_kukiel
recruit_character = POL_jozef_haller
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_sosabowski
recruit_character = POL_lucjan_zeligowski
recruit_character = POL_kazimierz_sosnkowski
recruit_character = POL_tadeusz_kutrzeba
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_anders
recruit_character = POL_roman_abraham
recruit_character = POL_wincenty_kowalski
recruit_character = POL_stefan_frankowski
recruit_character = POL_karol_korytowski
recruit_character = POL_jozef_unrug
recruit_character = POL_xawery_czernicki
recruit_character = POL_jozef_zajac
recruit_character = POL_ludomil_rayski
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_pawluc
recruit_character = POL_stanislav_maczek
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_kalkus
recruit_character = POL_kazimierz_switalski
recruit_character = POL_wanda_wasilewska
recruit_character = POL_tomislaw_lupaszko
recruit_character = POL_zygmunt_buhusz_szysko
recruit_character = POL_roman_dmowski
recruit_character = POL_witold_pilecki
recruit_character = POL_irena_anders
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_michalowicz
recruit_character = POL_boleslaw_bierut
recruit_character = POL_edward_osobka_morawski
recruit_character = POL_jozef_beck
recruit_character = POL_zdzislaw_lubomirski
recruit_character = POL_aleksander_kakowski
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_radkiewicz
recruit_character = POL_jan_kowalewski
recruit_character = POL_eugeniusz_kwiatkowiski
recruit_character = POL_marian_rejewski
recruit_character = POL_jerzy_rutkowski
recruit_character = POL_karl_albrecht
recruit_character = POL_pavel_bermondt_avalov
recruit_character = POL_anna_andersson
recruit_character = POL_friedrich_christian
recruit_character = POL_rudinger_von_der_goltz
recruit_character = POL_vladislav_korchits
recruit_character = POL_wojtek

if = {
	limit = {
		OR = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			has_dlc = "Poland: United and Ready"
		}
	}
	recruit_character = POL_walery_slawek
	recruit_character = POL_jan_mosdorf
	recruit_character = POL_tadeusz_bielecki
	recruit_character = POL_joachim_stefan_bartoszewicz
	recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_wojciechowski
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	recruit_character = POL_henryk_floyar_rajchman
	recruit_character = POL_sejmik_regency
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Roman Czerniawski"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_roman_czerniawski
		traits = { }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { POL }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Krystyna Skarbek"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_krystyna_skarbek
		traits = { operative_commando operative_seducer }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { POL }
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Wilk Class"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = POL_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Wicher Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = POL_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
}


